docs/tools-for-all-plugins-score/custom-conditions/custom-ei-conditions.md, before:

---
description: >-
  Conditions that are related to other plugins such as Lands, IridiumSkyblock,
  PlotSquared and more.
---

# Custom EI Conditions

:::info
If a condition fails to be met, **you can enable cancelEvent** so if a specific condition isn't completed, cancelEvent will run.  You can also customize the error message !

You can also run commands if the condition has failed to execute!

Example:
:::

```yaml
 customConditions:
    ifOwnerOfTheEI: true
    ifOwnerOfTheEIMsg: '&cMy custom error message here'
    ifOwnerOfTheEICancel: true
    ifOwnerOfTheEICmds:
    - say i am looking for someone else
```

### ifNeedPlayerConfirmation:

* Description: Asks the player to confirm if he/she is going to activate that activator once.
* Example:

```yaml
  customConditions:
    ifNeedPlayerConfirmation: true
```

* Example Situations:
  * If the player left-clicks the item, the message will pop up notifying you if you really want to trigger the activator, if you click again, the activator will run
* Required: NO (Default: false)
* More Info: You can edit the message by editing it on the locale: `confirmMessage: 'Click again to confirm' or in ingame.`

### ifOwnerOfTheEI - Not

* Description: Checks if the player (not) owns the executable item (Owners are selected by the first player who obtained the item)
* Example:

```yaml
  customConditions:
    ifOwnerOfTheEI: true
    ifOwnerOfTheEIMsg: '' #<- Here is where you will add the custom message.
    
    ifNotOwnerOfTheEI: false
    ifNotOwnerOfTheEIMsg: '' #<- Here is where you will add the custom message.
```

* Example Situations:
  * If the player obtained it first and attempts to use it, it will work.
* Required: NO (Default: false)

Commit message:

Enhance documentation for Custom EI Conditions
Updated the documentation for Custom EI Conditions to clarify the usage of cancelEvent and error message customization. Added examples for condition settings and numerical conditions.

docs/tools-for-all-plugins-score/custom-conditions/custom-ei-conditions.md, after:

---
description: >-
  Conditions that are related to other plugins such as Lands, IridiumSkyblock,
  PlotSquared and more.
---

# Custom EI Conditions

## Condition settings
All conditions are formated the same, you have:
* `{theCondition}`
* `{theCondition}Msg`: The message to send if the condition is invalid
* `{theCondition}Cancel`: Whether or not the event should be cancelled if the condition is invalid
* `{theCondition}Cmds`: The command(s) to run if the condition is invalid
* Example:

```yaml
 customConditions:
    ifOwnerOfTheEI: true
    ifOwnerOfTheEIMsg: '&cMy custom error message here'
    ifOwnerOfTheEICancel: true
    ifOwnerOfTheEICmds:
    - say i am looking for someone else
```

:::info
For numerical conditions, you can assign 2 conditions at the same time.
Example: 
"I want to create a condition that only activates if the value is greater than 50 but less than 250"
`{theCondition}: 50 < CONDITION < 250`
:::


### ifNeedPlayerConfirmation:

* Description: Asks the player to confirm if he/she is going to activate that activator once.
* Example:

```yaml
  customConditions:
    ifNeedPlayerConfirmation: true
```

* Example Situations:
  * If the player left-clicks the item, the message will pop up notifying you if you really want to trigger the activator, if you click again, the activator will run
* Required: NO (Default: false)
* More Info: You can edit the message by editing it on the locale: `confirmMessage: 'Click again to confirm' or in ingame.`

### ifOwnerOfTheEI - Not

* Description: Checks if the player (not) owns the executable item (Owners are selected by the first player who obtained the item)
* Example:

```yaml
  customConditions:
    ifOwnerOfTheEI: true
    ifOwnerOfTheEIMsg: '' #<- Here is where you will add the custom message.
    
    ifNotOwnerOfTheEI: false
    ifNotOwnerOfTheEIMsg: '' #<- Here is where you will add the custom message.
```

* Example Situations:
  * If the player obtained it first and attempts to use it, it will work.
* Required: NO (Default: false)
